Complete missing step for working-with-anp (#1241)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/working-with-anp.md

kind load docker-image swr.ap-southeast-1.myhuaweicloud.com/karmada/proxy-agent:0.0.24 --name member3
kubectl --kubeconfig=/root/.kube/members.config --context=member3 apply -f proxy-agent.yaml
```
**The ANP deployment is complete.**

### Step 6: Add command flags for karmada-agent deployment

> After deploying ANP deployment, we need to add command flags `cluster-api-endpoint` and `proxy-server-address` for karmada-agent deployment on `member3` cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployed ANP deployment, we need to add extra command flags `--cluster-api-endpoint` and `--proxy-server-address` for `karmada-agent` deployment on `member3` cluster.
```

Author: Thanks, I have updated it.

> After deployed ANP deployment, we need to add extra command flags `--cluster-api-endpoint` and `--proxy-server-address` for `karmada-agent` deployment on `member3` cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After deploying the ANP deployment, we need to add extra command flags `--cluster-api-endpoint` and `--proxy-server-address` for `karmada-agent` deployment in `member3` cluster.
```

> Where `cluster-api-endpoint` is the APIEndpoint of the cluster. You can obtain it from the KubeConfig file of the `member3` cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `--cluster-api-endpoint` is the APIEndpoint of the cluster. You can obtain it from the KubeConfig file of the `member3` cluster. 
```
Add `--` to all flags.

Where `proxy-server-address` is the address of the proxy server that is used to proxy the cluster. In current case, we can set `proxy-server-address` to `http://<karmada_controlplan_addr>:8088`. Get `karmada_controlplan_addr` value through the following command:
```shell
docker inspect --format='{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' karmada-host-control-plane
```

> Port `8088` is set by our code modification in ANP: https://github.com/mrlihanbo/apiserver-network-proxy/blob/v0.0.24/dev/cmd/server/app/server.go#L267, you can also modify it to a different value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Port `8088` is set by our code modification in ANP: https://github.com/mrlihanbo/apiserver-network-proxy/blob/v0.0.24/dev/cmd/server/app/server.go#L267. You can also modify it to a different value.
```
